---
layout: post
title: The Bridge
categories:
 - Life
tags:
 - story
 - literature
 - reality
---
	
# The Bridge

Once there was a man. And a woman.

And there *were* a world. He lived a happy but solitary life seeking for
his soul mate. And she kept reminding herself that she felt lonely and
needed a company.

He was young and handsome. She was young and beautiful.

Everyday he woke up to find himself in a feeling that he is getting
closer to his soul mate; she told herself every single night before
going to bed that she will soon find the one to keep her company for the
rest of her life.

At last came that day.

He was walking past a lake as bright as the sun, when he saw her for the
first time of his life. But she felt this was the second time she was
with him.

And each loved the other.

Next day, she found him at the top of a mountain. She was sure that he
was the one she needed since the beginning of time; he was certain that
she is his soul mate and only she was.

And each agreed to meet the other next day under a tree by the river,
where the birds danced to the melody of the waters.

That day, she went straight to the tree by the river, instead of going
back home. He went back home to get the ring so that he could ask her to
marry him the next day.

She stayed under the tree that night, listening to the melodies of the
waters, and spent the next day watching the birds dance. But he was
nowhere to be seen.

Then she went back home wearily with a broken heart.

He woke up and felt his heart was unquiet, leaping desparately for
something. He ran towards the river, and waited for her for a day and a
night. But she was nowhere to be seen.

Then he went back home exhausted with a broken heart.

Next day, each met the other on the way to the market where garneners
offered the best of their fruit. But neither recognized the other; each
bought some fruit and went on.

Oh my dear, I will love you in my dreams where you are living in your
reality; and you will wake me up from my dreams into yours, and we shall
be together for ever and ever afterwards.
